README.md, before:

# README #

## What is this repository for? ##

The purpose of this repository is to maintain control over versions of eslint. This maintains uniformity-
when enforcing coding standards and formatting rules. This allows for easier upgrades and prevents newer versions from
breaking the pipeline.

---

## Configuration information ##

There is a '.eslint.config.mjs' file containing the eslint configuration in the root of the project directory. You can
use the following YAML line to copy this into your project directory.

```shell
cp /app/eslint.config.mjs $GITHUB_WORKSPACE
```

Alternately you can use the following command to use your own configuration file.

```shell
run: eslint -c eslint.config.mjs .
```

See links below for more information about ESLint and Alpine Linux.

---

## Useful links ##
  
* **Project links:**
  
  * **Project Docker pull address:**  docker pull monkeyknuckles/eslint

  * **Project Docker landing page:**  <https://hub.docker.com/r/monkeyknuckles/eslint>
  * **Project clone address:**        <https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker.git>
  * **Project landing page:**         <https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker>
  * **Project wiki page:**            <https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker/wiki>

* **3rd Party links:**

  * **Alpine source pull address:**   docker pull alpine:3.20.0

    **ESLint website**          <https://eslint.org/>
    **NPM ESLint**              <https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint>
    **Github ESLint**           <https://github.com/eslint/eslint>
    **VSC Plugin:**             <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint>

---

## Includes ##

* Alpine Linux  v3.20.0
* Node          v20.13.1
* NPM           v10.8.0
* ESLint        v9.3.0 - Based on ECMA 2023 Standard

---

## Files ##

| File Or Folder Name:                  | Files | Description Of File Or Folder Contents                               |
|---------------------------------------|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| > css-fail                            |   49  | Contains examples of every possible CSS error.                       |
| .eslint.config.mjs                    |   1   | Contains JavaScript rule configuration.                              |
| > .github > workflows > pipeline.yml  |   1   | Lints all JavaScript files in docker.                                |
| dockerfile                            |   1   | Information on how to build docker.                                  |
| README.md                             |   1   | Contains information about the project.                              |
| LICENSE                               |   1   | Repository license agreement.                                        |
| avatar.png                            |   1   | Personal avatar for (Daniel Mallet) internal company use.            |
| logo.png                              |   1   | Company logo.                                                        |

---

## Version history ##

This project uses a sequential versioning system.

| Version No:    | Description Of Update                                                                               |
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0.0.0.0        | Base files included.                                                                                |
| 0.0.0.1        | Updated 'READEME.md' to align with the layout of the other linter projects.                         |
| 0.0.0.2        | Fixed a number of incorrect comments and 'README.md' information.                                   |
| 0.0.0.3        | Added --color option to ESLint output text.                                                         |
---

## Contact information ##

Author: Daniel Mallett (Monkey Knuckles)

![Ninja Monkey Games](logo.png "Logo")
![Monkey Knuckles](avatar.png "Avatar")

If you have any problems with the repository or have any suggestions please contact us at <info@ninjamonkeygames.com>.

You may also contact us via our [website](https://ninjamonkeygames.com).

Any bugs should be raised as an [issue](https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker/issues) on GitHub.

---

## Copyright ##

*Ninja Monkey Games Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved.*

Commit message:

v0.0.0.4
 Internal adjustment to make the project structure consistent across all repositories in the project.

README.md, after:

# README #

## What is this repository for? ##

The purpose of this repository is to maintain control over versions of ESLint. This maintains uniformity when enforcing
coding standards and formatting rules. This allows for easier upgrades and prevents newer versions from breaking the
pipeline.

---

## Configuration information ##

There is a '.eslint.config.mjs' file containing the eslint configuration in the root of the project directory. You can
use the following YAML line to copy this into your project directory.

```shell
cp /app/eslint.config.mjs $GITHUB_WORKSPACE
```

Alternately you can use the following command to use your own configuration file.

```shell
run: eslint -c eslint.config.mjs .
```

See links below for more information about ESLint and Alpine Linux.

---

## Useful links ##
  
* **Project links:**
  
  * **Project Docker pull address:**  docker pull monkeyknuckles/eslint

  * **Project Docker landing page:**  <https://hub.docker.com/r/monkeyknuckles/eslint>
  * **Project clone address:**        <https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker.git>
  * **Project landing page:**         <https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker>
  * **Project wiki page:**            <https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker/wiki>

* **3rd Party links:**

  * **Alpine source pull address:**   docker pull alpine:3.20.0

    **ESLint website**          <https://eslint.org/>
    **GitHub ESLint**           <https://github.com/eslint/eslint>
    **VSC Plugin:**             <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint>

---

## Includes ##

* Alpine Linux  v3.20.0
* Node          v20.13.1
* NPM           v10.8.0
* ESLint        v9.3.0 - Based on ECMA 2023 Standard

---

## Files ##

| File Or Folder Name:                  | Files | Description Of File Or Folder Contents                               |
|---------------------------------------|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| > css-fail                            |   49  | Contains examples of every possible javascript error.                |
| .eslint.config.mjs                    |   1   | Contains JavaScript rule configuration.                              |
| > .git                                |   54  | Contains git configuration files.                                    |
| > .github > workflows > pipeline.yml  |   1   | Lints all JavaScript files in docker.                                |
| dockerfile                            |   1   | Information on how to build docker.                                  |
| README.md                             |   1   | Contains information about the project.                              |
| LICENSE                               |   1   | Repository license agreement.                                        |
| avatar.png                            |   1   | Personal avatar for (Daniel Mallet) internal company use.            |
| logo.png                              |   1   | Company logo.                                                        |

---

## Version history ##

This project uses a sequential versioning system.

| Version No:    | Description Of Update                                                                               |
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0.0.0.0        | Base files included.                                                                                |
| 0.0.0.1        | Updated 'READEME.md' to align with the layout of the other linter projects.                         |
| 0.0.0.2        | Fixed a number of incorrect comments and 'README.md' information.                                   |
| 0.0.0.3        | Added --color option to ESLint output text.                                                         |
| 0.0.0.4        | Internal adjustment to make the project structure consistent across all repositories in the project.|

---

## Contact information ##

Author: Daniel Mallett (Monkey Knuckles)

![Ninja Monkey Games](logo.png "Logo")
![Monkey Knuckles](avatar.png "Avatar")

If you have any problems with the repository or have any suggestions please contact us at <info@ninjamonkeygames.com>.

You may also contact us via our [website](https://ninjamonkeygames.com).

Any bugs should be raised as an [issue](https://github.com/NinjaMonkeyGames/eslint-docker/issues) on GitHub.

---

## Copyright ##

*Ninja Monkey Games Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved.*
